# 2015/10/09

## 00:30

There have been many different demo formats during the lifetime of ReMooD.
Obviously before ReMooD you have the various Doom Legacy demos. However at
least the official versions on the Download page there are varying differences
in them. 0.7a uses just a notch up from Doom Legacy demos and is in a very
similar format. 0.7b and 0.7c use a new demo format which uses a new layout.
0.8a is the most complex, it has packet based demos which may vary based on
the endian which they are. 1.0a uses a bit simpler packet based demo format.
The actual number of demos recorded with Doom Legacy and ReMooD will probably
be quite low, but for compatibility (and nostalgia) I will support playing
them back. However synchronization might not be perfect. However, in 1.0a when
it came to demos, Doom Legacy demos played back better than in Doom Legacy.
The only non-playable Doom Legacy demos that will never play back in ReMooD or
Doom Legacy are those which were not recorded by the host (due to changes in
Doom Legacy how things were done).

As for Vanilla Doom and Longtic demos, they will also be supported of course.
Like in 1.0a, playing back vanilla demos will result in splitscreen being
activated to watch what goes on by all the viewports.

As of this writing however, I have basic loops setup for game initialization
and such. I am not too sure how I want to handle user input currenly
(keyboard, mice, joysticks) so I going port the C 1.0a code over so that
eventually demos are played and such. At least then when the game logic is
more in place I can determine the best way to support input, profiles, and
splitscreen. Since I require speed when it comes to rendering the game, I plan
on the renderer being multi-threaded where possible to potentially increase
rendering speed. I would suppose that the game logic and the renderer would be
the most complex to port over. Another consideration I am considering is
having a slightly faster renderer by drawing columns in bulk rather than one
by one. The column heavy Doom renderer is slow due to the massive amounts of
cache misses, especially on higher resolutions. At least in Java the renderer
will be secure, because in Doom Legacy when 3D floors are used it can
overwrite game memory (usually crashing it). So if you were recording a demo
in Doom Legacy while looking at a 3D floor a certain way, it is possible your
demo will never play back properly unless all the conditions are perfect.


