# 2012/12/08

## 02:00

Site wise, I added automatic builds links to the download page so you can
download them better. On other things, I got my hands on a GCW Zero prototype
through zear (thanks!), the GCW Zero is a portable game system (a handheld
like the Game Boy Advance) which runs Linux. More info about it is here: <http
://game-consoles-worldwide.com/>. All in all, it is a pretty cool device with
a nice screen and it is rather fast too (runs ReMooD rather smooth). ReMooD
uses PlayStation Doom alike controls on it but there is no weapon switching
(i'll have to switch to GBA controls despite never playing GBA Doom except
only once). I'd take a picture of the GCW Zero running ReMooD but it seems my
digital camera has lost its own charger yet again (not to mention the battery
is always dead and the SD Card always needs to be reformatted when I plug it
into a computer and back into the camera). So when it is released I would
recommend getting one of these as it can do other things also such as emulate
other games.

Here is a list of things I have done with the code:

  * **WADs are now case insensitive searched inside of directories to match DOS
 behavior.**
  * **Also, WADs are searched for in the directory where the ReMooD executable 
exists (so you can plop your WADs there for portable stuff).**
  * Added basic Heretic thing support (the entire tables need to be fixed up, t
hen weapons need to be added).
  * Potential for slope support.
  * Scripts are tokenized, which is one step closer to compilation of scripts.
  * Fixed a big endian crash related to splats on walls.
  * Fixed a big endian bug where sounds are not played.
  * Alternative initial grabbing of joysticks, makes assigning them much easier
 now.
  * Code cleanup.
  * Copyright boost to 2013.
  * Fixed REMOODAT overflow related to weapons.
  * Implemented 180 degree turning.
  * Support for the GCW Zero.
  * Added Terminus Font.
  * WADs are now identified by their MD5 now, partially.

No images currently.

