# 2014/12/01

## 04:53

The main news feed has more information. On part of development however, I
have started to slowly port ReMooD to Java 8 since after programming Java for
quite some time it just kind of sticks to you. However I would say that I am
an efficient programmer when it comes to Java so it should not run like
snails. This would be a complete rewrite as when changing from on language to
another (in this case C to Java), if you decide that you want the EXACT
behavior or layout that C code has then you are going to get really slow
terrible code. On the other hand, this would allow me to add some new features
that would be difficult to put in C ReMooD because of the age of the code and
all of the interdependencies. Basically when Doom Legacy was written it was
not exactly future proof, so you got hacks upon hacks upon hacks (which is why
it crashed all the time). With ReMooD I spent most of my time changing those
hacks and making them better (which is how you got 4 player splitscreen and my
20 menu rewrites). I suppose ReMooD dragged on because I wanted it to be not
buggy and to have nice code attached to it. But it started to develop twords
very object oriented nature but I did not want to switch to C++ because that
would be a huge mess, so I went the other route. Why not another language such
as C#, Perl, Python, Ruby, Javascript, Forth, Brainfuck, Scala, Visual Basic,
D, Objective-C, Rust, Go, HTML5, Groovy, ACS, or Intercal; since I already
know Java and learning another programming language is something that takes
time.

The package ReMooD resides in is called "org.remood.remood".


